README.md, before:

# Amazon Connect DevOps Playground 
## Introduction 
 
The purpose of this guide is to provide you with an introduction to Amazon Connect, Amazon Web Services cloud-based virtual contact centre offering. Leveraging example Amazon Lex to understand simple Call Steering. 
 
- Amazon Connect basic setup 
- Amazon Lex setup
- Amazon Connect and Amazon Lex


For this Playground, you will need access to the AWS Console. It is highly recommended that you leverage an existing AWS Account that is not used for production purposes.

## Prerequisiteies
1. AWS account - [How to set it up](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/)

## Table of Contents:
1. [Connect instance](./docs/chapter-1.md):
- Create your Amazon Connect instance
- Set-up your Amazon Connect instance
- Configure Hours of Operation, Queues, Routing Profiles and Agents
2. [Creating contact flows](./docs/chapter-2.md):
- Creating your First Contact Flow
- Creating a CallBack Contact Flow
- Creating Call Router Contact Flow
3. [Lex bots](./docs/chapter-3.md):
- Create Lex Bot (Intents & Utterances)
- Add Lex to Connect Instance
- Contact Flows

Commit message:

Added one comment line at the top

README.md, after:

# Amazon Connect DevOps Playground 
## Introduction 
#Adding another Comment line for Git testing purpose. Ignore it.

The purpose of this guide is to provide you with an introduction to Amazon Connect, Amazon Web Services cloud-based virtual contact centre offering. Leveraging example Amazon Lex to understand simple Call Steering. 
 
- Amazon Connect basic setup 
- Amazon Lex setup
- Amazon Connect and Amazon Lex


For this Playground, you will need access to the AWS Console. It is highly recommended that you leverage an existing AWS Account that is not used for production purposes.

## Prerequisiteies
1. AWS account - [How to set it up](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/)

## Table of Contents:
1. [Connect instance](./docs/chapter-1.md):
- Create your Amazon Connect instance
- Set-up your Amazon Connect instance
- Configure Hours of Operation, Queues, Routing Profiles and Agents
2. [Creating contact flows](./docs/chapter-2.md):
- Creating your First Contact Flow
- Creating a CallBack Contact Flow
- Creating Call Router Contact Flow
3. [Lex bots](./docs/chapter-3.md):
- Create Lex Bot (Intents & Utterances)
- Add Lex to Connect Instance
- Contact Flows
